I wanted Atmos in a sound bar
Won’t the best
Dolby Atmos
I only had a outdated two channel Linn dsm system. I missed a surround system for movies. So I saved up for this purchase. I have an Apple TV and opponents 4K Uhd 203 attached via the Ambeo soundbar to a Sony 4K tv. The sound is great but ican only seem to get the switching working when the Apple TV is connected and the oppo player is disconnected. Any comment please?

Simplify my setup and keep it clean.
Atmos
The Yamaha ysp 5600 did disappointed in 3d sound

Atmos, simpler solution 7 speakers in house

Less speakers
I replaced my old soundbar because of the sound quality and it wouldn’t work that good in our living room.
Too many wires with a 5.1 system.
Modern codecs and connectivity.
I was tired of the limitations and constant adjustments needed with the optical connection.  The atmos support was exciting.  Also, all the wires needed for the 5.1 satellite speakers didn’t work with the design of my new living room.
I needed The space
To get rid of the bulky 5.1 system and only use one speaker.
I wanted a simpler system with same hi def audio But, I seem to be a little unhappy..
There was an issue with my previous soundbar.
I hoped for a simple system with sub woofer..


 - Wanted to save space. - Experienced issues with previous wireless surround speakers. - Had read about the Ambeo soundbar back in the days when it only existed as a prototype, and got the impression that it was really innovative. As a tech geek, I was intrigued.

Simplisety. Less room for 5big speakers
Existing audio system needs an upgrade.
Simplify device management and to have Atmos.

Ease of use. Single box solution desirable. Reduce cables and clutter
I wanted a good all in one solution. The bar I had before the Ambeo was pretty good but not on the same level as the Ambeo.
Sonys
Needed 1 soundbar instead of a separate receiver, 4 speakers and a sub all needing speaker wire.


Did not have the latest sound codecs, not as powerful
Desire to eliminate physical rear speakers, upgrade for atoms/3D sound capability in single bar set-up
I was upgrading my tv and wanted an all in one solution to replace multiple speakers and wires.
Living room cleanup
Size and lack of modern codecs
Wanted a more modern system, supporting Atmos, streaming, HDMI
To upgrade audio quality
Grew tired of speakers. Cables . I was seeking better atmos speakers when an audio specialist suggested listening to the ambeo. The sound it produces impressed me enough to remove an existing amp and 5.1/ 7.1 setup. Looks neater and produces a great sound field


The Sony unit I had before was very unreliable: the wireless sub disconnected constantly, and the video output would stop when switching display modes requiring it to be restarted to get video output back.
Sonos doesn’t support atmos and and hi res music
Better spatial audio

Wasnt good sound quality

I bought sony st ht5000, (7.1.2 channels) for 3d sound and dolby atmos. I never heard dolby atmos, 3d sound was very weak.
My wife wanted a neater solution to 5 speakers and an amp

My woofer died, renovation changed My room rear speakers went away, wife.
Less clutter/ wires in the room.
So as to only have one piece of equipment
Reviews
I was impressed with the claimed performance for film and audio playback
Support modern codecs. Combine sub/bass into sound bar. 3D sound
I bought this on release due to positive reviews and a fantastic demo in the shop and was superior to my existing system(sony) in every way.

To reduce standing  speakers  around the hall. And perfect Atmos solution
Sound quality
Large scale integration was needed ...to many pieces of equipment to achieve  5.1 ...to over powering visual in the lounge
Tired of speakers all over the room

Moved house, needed smaller unit.
It was garbage
Better voise and speac on tv programs
The Ambeo is a neater and produce better sound then my current 5.1
I have been holding onto an old 5.1 set until something minimal, clutter free and high quality came onto the market. I liked the idea of a soundbar that could do everything without fuss and without compromise.
To get an up to date device
No good
New apartment

20 years old so dated
Wanted Atmos
Because minor area
Originally had a 5.1 system but had to downsize when we had a baby. Had a different sound bar but wanted something as high end as possible.
Surround sound in a sound bar with lots of options and calibration. One stop bar for 5.1 sound
Midrange was muddy, bass was boomy - though a top-of-the line and new Sony, the sound did not live up to my audiophile expectations at all
Surround sound took up a lot of space with speakers all over the room. AMBEO uses little space and the sound is amazing.
Lack of modern features
I wanted the best soundbar I could get.
Size

I wanted something that produced more 3D/atmos surround sound
Congested setup and Atmos effects was not satisfactory or upto the mark
Because, lack of inputs I want and lack  of new codecs.

Wanted the best soundbar out there , and the reviews said it’s the ambeo tho it lacks the bass

Need to support Dolby Atmos system
Not support 5.1 and latest audio system The stero sound quailty is not yhat good

I was tired of cabling all the extra speakers for surround sound.  I wanted something with more updated connections.
Jbl
Upgrade

To save space and get Atmos capability
We moved

Compact, no wires.
Previous soundbar (B&W panorama 2) wasn’t bad, but did not offer the impression of immersive / 3D sound I was used to from a previous 5.1 setup. Additionally it was outdated when it came to connectivity
Convenient set up

Too much devices. Wanted a single device solutiin
I don’t have room to install a 5.1 dedicated system. So I wanted to buy the best soundbar on the market.

Less equipment
It died
Because my original sound bar was not good
Wanted ATMOS sound and 4k HDR pass through
Old system being moved to a different location.
I wasn’t satisfied with it’s music reproduction.
Small room
Less place Needed and 3d sound

It was 15 years old and failing

New house. Less room for bulky speakers

My system was about 16yrs old and was time to upgrade
It was defective


Age
Wanted more details in the sound.
Speakers took up too much room
Support dolby atoms and dtsx... Like the immersive sound
more immersive effect of sound quality
I wanted the most up-to-date audio codec support and the best core sound quality in a relatively simple package.

Quality

It is less cumbersome
I was hoping for a high end audio experience with a much more simplified setup.

Couldn’t find anything that sounded good
To experience 3D surround sound
Wanted more
My ambition was to have a big sound with a small set of speakers. Yes, you can build a Atmos system with small speakers and alot of wires but... I don’t want alot of speakers, cables, remotes etc. Sennheiser have always amazed me with their sound, and this bar made no exception.
Sold it
It was time to upgrade
Needed HDR pass through
For the Complete atmos ambeo experience. The single bar setup vs multiple speaker cliche.
The atmos decoding on this bar and the size of the drivers .  The reviews put it as the best atmos sound on the market.
I wanted a truly immersive system which would play dolby atmos and dolby digital plus with near perfection
I upgraded to an OLED TV and want the audio to match or exceed the quality.
Large cumbersome system with complex setup
I was interested in a better sound.
Gave my previous soundbar to a family member
Simplicity and design of one unit audio system.

hdmi earc. proper wall mount! dolby codecs specifically atmos. auto room calibration. really the tipping point was the wall mount. The wallmount could use improvement buy the sony wall mounting id very poor. I reccomend improving the resonance control of the wall mount although I have a 2 ch nagra classic stereo (200k) for my listening room and this sb doesnt replace that, but is really well done.
